##   <span style="color:Gray"> Overview </span>
<span  STYLE="color: black font-size: 12pt"> This notebook was developped to assist Oracle Team to have the VM Sizes and Prices for all available Azure VM SKUs in one place to assist with database worload sizing.  </span>
<p>The key metrics for proper database workload sizing include: vCPUs, memory, Max IOPS, Max IO Throughput MBPS, temporary storage for Swap space, monthly cost, Max Data disks allowed etc. </p>
<p>Typical database workloads on IaaS VM are usually IO bound instead of CPU or Memory at the VM level. It is critical to size the VM based on the database workload leveraging Oracle AWR (Automated Workload Repository). </p>
<p>Azure VM size information can be found in https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/sizes. However the information is scattered in multiple linked pages which made it difficult to navigate and compare. VM pricing can be obtained by API calls to https://prices.azure.com/. In our example, we will only obtain the consumption based retail prices for Linux based VMs. </p>
<p>The goal of this notebook is to combine all these information (VM specifications and cost) in one spreadsheet for easy comparison and decision making.  We use BeautifulSoup to scrap the information from Microsoft document sites for VM sizes and specficications. The final product is an excel sheet with key metrics for all available Azure Linux VMs. </p>
<p>Note: The code would work for future released VM size as well as long as the embeded size table in the microsoft VM size page has the same/similar column formats using the same tabs (basics, local storage, remote storage, network). </p>
